#summary Manage (Update, Add and Remove) Sites

OnlineVideos uses its own server to store configuration data (xml) and required library (dll) for all sites. All information and data is available through a public webservice.

The plugin offers 3 ways to update your sites from within MediaPortal:

 # *Auto Update*<br/>Automatic update can be disabled, enabled or set to ask in the plugin configuration screen. It will run only once when MediaPortal is started and OnlineVideos is opened for the first time. At that time, no binaries have been loaded for your configured sites, so they can be replaced with new versions from the server. Only sites that are already listed and enabled in your local xml will be updated (or set to disabled if the server marked a site as not working). Since this is a community driven project, anyone can submit new sites for any country/language and not every user wants to pick up those sites automatically and clutter his clean list of local sites.<br/><br/>
 # *SiteManager*<br/>The SiteManager is a new window in MediaPortal that connects to the webservice mentioned above and shows a list of all sites available on the server, an icon for their state, the date it was last updated and the name of the creator. Selecting a site will show some details about it. Clicking on the site will open a menu showing some options what you can do with the site. The SiteManager is accessible from the hidden menu when inside the OnlineVideos window.<br/><br/>
  * a) *Full Update*<br/>The hidden menu of the SiteManager window has one entry that allows you to do a full update of your local site list. This will add all sites that are currently only on the server to your local list and update (overwrite) all entries in your list. So any changes you made to the categories are lost! After successfull execution of this update, your local list will be equal to the one on the server and you will have all sites available locally. (A restart of MediaPortal is required if binaries were updated).<br/><br/>
  * b) *Manual Update*<br/>Clicking on a site in the SiteManager gives you the possibility to update only that site (+preserving categories), if it is already in your local list, or otherwise add it to your list. The new configuration data (xml), binary (dll) and site icon/banner (png) will be downloaded. From the same menu, you are also able to remove a site from your local list.